content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Quick Start
description: Get started with LMRouter
icon: Zap
---

import { Reply, Mail, Palette, PenLine, Layers, Mic, FileAudio, Languages } from 'lucide-react';

## Introduction

**LMRouter** is an **open-source**, **all-in-one** API router that gives AI developers a single, unified way to connect to the best model providers. It provides **OpenAI** and **Anthropic** compatible API endpoints, so you can use it with any OpenAI or Anthropic compatible client.

## Using the OpenAI-Compatible Endpoint

You are able to drop-in replace your OpenAI endpoint with the LMRouter endpoint, and use the LMRouter API key:

```typescript tab="TypeScript"
import OpenAI from "openai";

const main = async () => {
  const openai = new OpenAI({
    baseURL: "https://api.lmrouter.com/openai/v1",
    apiKey: "<LMROUTER_API_KEY>",
    defaultHeaders: {
      "HTTP-Referer": "<YOUR_SITE_URL>",
      "X-Title": "<YOUR_SITE_NAME>",
    },
  });

  const completion = await openai.chat.completions.create({
    model: "openai/gpt-4o",
    messages: [
      {
        role: "user",
        content:
          'How many times does the letter "R" appear in the word "LMRouter"?',
      },
    ],
  });

  console.log(completion.choices[0].message.content);
};

main();
```

```python tab="Python"
from openai import OpenAI

client = OpenAI(
  base_url="https://api.lmrouter.com/openai/v1",
  api_key="<LMROUTER_API_KEY>",
)

completion = client.chat.completions.create(
  extra_headers={
    "HTTP-Referer": "<YOUR_SITE_URL>",
    "X-Title": "<YOUR_SITE_NAME>",
  },
  model="openai/gpt-4o",
  messages=[
    {
      "role": "user",
      "content": 'How many times does the letter "R" appear in the word "LMRouter"?'
    }
  ]
)

print(completion.choices[0].message.content)
```

```bash tab="Bash"
curl https://api.lmrouter.com/openai/v1/chat/completions \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $LMROUTER_API_KEY" \
  -d '{
  "model": "openai/gpt-4o",
  "messages": [
    {
      "role": "user",
      "content": "How many times does the letter \"R\" appear in the word \"LMRouter\"?"
    }
  ]
}'
```

Apart from the [chat completions](/language-models/chat-completions) endpoint, LMRouter also supports

<Cards className="grid-cols-4">
  <Card icon={<Reply />} href="/language-models/responses" title="Responses API" />
  <Card icon={<Mail />} href="/language-models/messages" title="Messages API" />
  <Card icon={<Palette />} href="/image-models/image-generation" title="Image Generation" />
  <Card icon={<PenLine />} href="/image-models/image-editing" title="Image Editing" />
  <Card icon={<Layers />} href="/embedding-models/embeddings" title="Embeddings" />
  <Card icon={<Mic />} href="/audio-models/speech" title="Audio Speech" />
  <Card icon={<FileAudio />} href="/audio-models/transcriptions" title="Audio Transcriptions" />
  <Card icon={<Languages />} href="/audio-models/translations" title="Audio Translations" />
</Cards>

endpoints.

## Using Claude Code

You are able to use the LMRouter Anthropic-compatible endpoint with Claude Code by setting the `ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL` and `ANTHROPIC_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variables. You are able to use any model provided by LMRouter with Claude Code:

```bash tab="Bash"
ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL=https://api.lmrouter.com/anthropic \
ANTHROPIC_AUTH_TOKEN=$LMROUTER_API_KEY \
ANTHROPIC_MODEL=$MODEL_NAME claude
```

Commit message:

Add LMRouter API base URLs for OpenAI and Anthropic in documentation to clarify integration points.

content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Quick Start
description: Get started with LMRouter
icon: Zap
---

import { Reply, Mail, Palette, PenLine, Layers, Mic, FileAudio, Languages } from 'lucide-react';

## Introduction

**LMRouter** is an **open-source**, **all-in-one** API router that gives AI developers a single, unified way to connect to the best model providers. It provides **OpenAI** and **Anthropic** compatible API endpoints, so you can use it with any OpenAI or Anthropic compatible client.

## Using the OpenAI-Compatible Endpoint

The LMRouter OpenAI-compatible API base URL is:

```
https://api.lmrouter.com/openai/v1
```

You are able to drop-in replace your OpenAI endpoint with the LMRouter endpoint, and use the LMRouter API key:

```typescript tab="TypeScript"
import OpenAI from "openai";

const main = async () => {
  const openai = new OpenAI({
    baseURL: "https://api.lmrouter.com/openai/v1",
    apiKey: "<LMROUTER_API_KEY>",
    defaultHeaders: {
      "HTTP-Referer": "<YOUR_SITE_URL>",
      "X-Title": "<YOUR_SITE_NAME>",
    },
  });

  const completion = await openai.chat.completions.create({
    model: "openai/gpt-4o",
    messages: [
      {
        role: "user",
        content:
          'How many times does the letter "R" appear in the word "LMRouter"?',
      },
    ],
  });

  console.log(completion.choices[0].message.content);
};

main();
```

```python tab="Python"
from openai import OpenAI

client = OpenAI(
  base_url="https://api.lmrouter.com/openai/v1",
  api_key="<LMROUTER_API_KEY>",
)

completion = client.chat.completions.create(
  extra_headers={
    "HTTP-Referer": "<YOUR_SITE_URL>",
    "X-Title": "<YOUR_SITE_NAME>",
  },
  model="openai/gpt-4o",
  messages=[
    {
      "role": "user",
      "content": 'How many times does the letter "R" appear in the word "LMRouter"?'
    }
  ]
)

print(completion.choices[0].message.content)
```

```bash tab="Bash"
curl https://api.lmrouter.com/openai/v1/chat/completions \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $LMROUTER_API_KEY" \
  -d '{
  "model": "openai/gpt-4o",
  "messages": [
    {
      "role": "user",
      "content": "How many times does the letter \"R\" appear in the word \"LMRouter\"?"
    }
  ]
}'
```

Apart from the [chat completions](/language-models/chat-completions) endpoint, LMRouter also supports

<Cards className="grid-cols-4">
  <Card icon={<Reply />} href="/language-models/responses" title="Responses API" />
  <Card icon={<Mail />} href="/language-models/messages" title="Messages API" />
  <Card icon={<Palette />} href="/image-models/image-generation" title="Image Generation" />
  <Card icon={<PenLine />} href="/image-models/image-editing" title="Image Editing" />
  <Card icon={<Layers />} href="/embedding-models/embeddings" title="Embeddings" />
  <Card icon={<Mic />} href="/audio-models/speech" title="Audio Speech" />
  <Card icon={<FileAudio />} href="/audio-models/transcriptions" title="Audio Transcriptions" />
  <Card icon={<Languages />} href="/audio-models/translations" title="Audio Translations" />
</Cards>

endpoints.

## Using Claude Code

The LMRouter Anthropic-compatible API base URL is:

```
https://api.lmrouter.com/anthropic
```

You are able to use the LMRouter Anthropic-compatible endpoint with Claude Code by setting the `ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL` and `ANTHROPIC_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variables. You are able to use any model provided by LMRouter with Claude Code:

```bash tab="Bash"
ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL=https://api.lmrouter.com/anthropic \
ANTHROPIC_AUTH_TOKEN=$LMROUTER_API_KEY \
ANTHROPIC_MODEL=$MODEL_NAME claude
```
